Acidmax borwser is a utility that allows you to visit the Team Nexgen web site,or any other site to check out news, scripts etc. Navigation through menu or channel popups, simply click on commands then goto to nexgen and select which page you wish to visit. Syntax dll sys\browser.dll show team-nexgen.com
Background + Nicklist utility.Command:/backg will open this feature,allow you to change graphics for main mirc window,status window,channel,mirc toolbar background,mirc buttons,and switchbar.It will list all jpg,and bmp files you have in Acidmax folder,there is options to change path so you can setup your own directory with graphics.Also you can change colors for nicknames in nicklist according to user status,op,voice,etc.Nickflash if enabled will flash nickname in nicklist that said your nick in channel,this feature is good on large channels.You can setup sound notification,and choose flash and fade color.
Connection history,command:/chanhist,simple utility to keep track of your joined channels and servers,with options to popup on connect or on Acidmax start.Channels and servers are separeted in tabs with their own list,double click on channel in list to join channel or double click on server in list to connect to it.
Notify list,command:/notalist.You can organize your list of nicknames by network.Nicknames will be shown accordingly even they are offline or online.You can setup notify list to popup when you connect to server.
Command:/nc.setup,When this option is enabled it will complete partial nick(s) for you.By default trigger is setup to back slash <\>,but this you can change in setup dialog.You can use several styles that comes predefined,or you can make your own styles.Example of usage: type \kn hello in mIRC editbox and press enter,output is KnighFal hello.
Command:/message.stud,Entertaimenet addon for nexgen Acidmax,that allow you send a message/messages,via notice,channel or query,to the nick of your choice.This messages can be automated,you have option to make your own messages too.For easy handle those messages are made in several categorys:Support,Commedy,Hello\Bye,Insults,Love,Rules,and miscellaenous.
To enable this options type /setup and click on channels tab.Messages will echo to you in active window,when do whenever your nick is in text from a non-active channel.
Operator console will be shown only when you get Operator status in a channel.This option has dialog interface with options for voice devoice kick ban etc.
Command:/scriptman.It`s utility for easy loading and unloading Acidmax scripts or addons of your choice.By default Acidmax scripts resides in sys directory,and scriptman will list all loaded,and available scripts.In case that you have scripts in eny other directory then sys you can change path to it and load scripts you wish.
Command:/secure.query,allow you to accept decline or ignore private messages.You can setup your own Standby message,and decline message,you can add host names in exception list,and more options to succesfuly filter your querys.
Command:/df,Chanserv,nickserv,and memoserv commands in dialog for easy navigation.Here is the list of supported networks:Aniverse,BeyondIRC,Chatfreaks,Chatnet,Chatuniverse,DalNet,Dynastynet,FuctNet,Grnet,Gamesnet,Newnet,Nexnet,Telstra,Templar-Rock-IRC,SexNet,irc.scifihaven.org
Channel protections or autokicks,will protect your channel form text flood,repeat flood,and caps,so you can keep abusers away from your channel,You need to have Operator status for this feature to work.Access from Commands>security>channel,or from channel popups.
This feature will make database of nicknames who quit or part channel,nicknames changes and kicks.Default trigger command is !seen.On seen requests will send info about specified nick to the nick that requested this info via notice,channel,or query,this depends of what settings you choose.To access this feature type /lastseen or open channel popups > utilities>last !seen.
This option is for registered Undernet users,allow you automaticly upon connection to login to X,with your username and password,and mask your address.Access setup dialog from channel or status window popups,only if you are connected to undernet.
(revise soon (bad spelling and grammer errors!!!))